♪ The words I have to say
♪ May well be simple
but they're true
♪ Until you give your love
♪ There's nothing more
that we can do
♪ Love is the opening door
♪ Love is what we came here for
♪ No one could offer you more
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen?
♪ You say it's very hard
♪ To leave behind
the life we knew
♪ But there's no other way
♪ And now it's really up to you
♪ Love is the key we must turn
♪ Truth is the flame
we must burn
♪ Freedom the lesson
we must learn
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen? ♪
-Hello!
Mrs. Marlowe, yes?
Harper, yes.
Wonderful. Geoffrey.
Hi.
-Do come in.
-Thank you.
Was it a hellish drive?
-No, no, no. Not at all.
-Oh, good.
The M4 can be beastly.
"M4, dreadful chore."
That's what we used to say.
Well, it's a beautiful house.
Yes, nearly 500 years old
in parts. Hmm?
What a thought, eh?
Shakespeare.
Or pre.
Uh, look, you must have bags.
Sorry?
Oh, you must have bags.
Boot of the car?
Why don't I bring them in?
I can help.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, no, absolutely not. No.
You, uh, make yourself
comfortable.
The kettle's boiled.
Kitchen just through there.
Uh, tea in the cupboard,
milk in the fridge.
Just where you'd expect
to find them.
Great.
Won't be a jiffy.
Shit.
Can I help?
Erm, no, no.
No, no. No problem.
Gosh, broken a sweat.
Started to wish
I'd let you help.
Still, I expect
you need it all.
It's two weeks you've got
the place, isn't it?
Yeah. That's right, yeah.
Oh, you found the tea.
Jolly good.
Apple from the garden?
Yeah, it was delicious.
Scrumping, eh? No, no, no, no.
Mustn't do that.
Forbidden fruit.
Oh. Uh...
God, sorry, I... I...
I'm joking.
Oh.
Have as many as you like.
Make chutney.
They only fall to the ground
and spoil.
Next thing you know,
the place is full of wasps.
-Shall I show you round?
-Yeah.
Uh, and let's start
with the ground floor.
Drawing room.
Oh, now, not the best
reception on the telly.
Little bit patchy
when it's raining.
Don't know why.
Fireplace is good to go.
Oh, and if you
run out of wood,
there's stacks more
in the shed.
Moving in to the piano room.
Do you play the piano?
Uh, no.
Oh. Me neither.
Now let me show you
the dining room.
Good for a slap-up
Sunday roast.
Uh, the cloak room. Coats,
brollies, wellies,
blah, blah, blah.
But, obviously, try not
to walk mud through the house.
Upstairs.
Up the wibbly-wobbly way.
Little uneven
but hold your nerve.
Clean towels, plenty of soap.
And, uh, good big tub
for soaking after a long walk.
Ah, only thing...
Sorry, have to say it.
Uh, ladies,
do watch what you flush.
Right. Yeah.
Septic tank, you see.
Can't cope.
Well, let's say no more.
Finally, ta-da.
The master bedroom.
Wow.
Yeah, wonderful view,
isn't it?
See the church spire
over the trees?
That's the village.
A stone's throw.
Jolly nice pub
if you're interested.
10-minute walk there,
30-minute walk back.
Mm.
Clean sheets and so forth.
And, uh, will it just
be you staying or...
Yeah, it's just me.
Where's hubby?
Excuse me?
"Mrs. Marlowe," no?
Yeah, uh, no.
No, it isn't.
I haven't changed it yet,
the "Mrs."
Or the surname.
Oh. Oh.
Well done, Geoffrey.
Oh, no. Please, it's fine.
Wi-Fi password,
and all that mumbo jumbo
is in the welcome pack
on the piano.
Now, key. Key to the castle.
Just the one.
Don't worry if you lose it.
To be honest,
you don't need to lock
your doors 'round here.
Well, thanks again.
The... The place is lovely.
It's exactly what I hoped for.
Ah. Well,
I'll leave you to it.
Oh, if you need me,
you've got my number.
And I live just down the lane.
The cottage with
a "beware of the dog" sign.
And even though
the old girl's been dead
these past five years,
and never said boo
to a goose.
Well, thanks again.
- Bye-bye!
- Bye.
I think I might have
splashed out
just a little bit too much.
No, it's gorgeous.
Yes, yes, yes. It is.
It is the dream country house.
Can you give me the tour?
I want to see all of it.
Uh, yeah, can I do it later?
I just finished the tour
with the owner, Geoffrey.
He was quite a character.
Go on.
He was a very,
very, specific type.
Very, very country.
And will you be joining him
grouse shooting tomorrow?
That's perfect.
He asked about James,
actually.
What do you mean,
he asked about James? How?
I booked it
under Mrs. Marlowe.
Just... strange
that I did that.
Automatic, I guess.
So, what did you tell him?
I didn't tell him anything.
I implied I was divorced.
Yeah.
-Harper...
-Stop, I know
what you're gonna say.
I mean, I don't know, but...
Look, this kind of thing
is gonna happen
again and again.
In one way, it's gonna
happen my whole life, so,
I'm just gonna
have to get used to it.
Okay.
But you didn't know
what I was gonna say.
I was gonna say,
did you know that elephants
are the only animal
that can't jump?
Just an interesting fact
that I need to share with you.
That is very interesting.
Yeah, and it's...
...elephant dressage events
never really took off.
Sorry. Lame.
No, no. No. No, no, sorry,
just the signal cut out.
Fucking typical.
I was being hilarious.
-Um...
-So, yeah, I'll...
-I'll see you later.
-Yeah, yeah. You bet.
-All right. Love you.
-Bye, love you.
-Bye.
You're not divorcing me.
You're divorcing how...
how I've been for...
for the past year.
I get that, but once...
once I've...
James.
We... We made
promises, Harper.
In a church.
What promises did we make?
If I can know
why you married me,
then I can subtract
what's different about me now.
-James.
-Yes?
Please.
I'll kill myself.
No, you can't...
You can't say
something like that.
-You can't say that to me!
-I'm saying it.
I say it
because you will have
to live with it.
On your conscience.
No.
No, James! Just, please...
Stop
saying please, Harper!
Stop pleading! I am pleading!
I am!
Now, I am sorry you will have
to live with my death
on your conscience,
but it's the truth.
You can't give this to me.
It'll be as if
you'd killed me yourself.
You can't say this.
You can't do that. No, James.
No, it'll be
as if you killed yourself,
and would be
fucking unbearable.
That is the last thing
I would ever, ever want.
This isn't... It's not.
It's not the last thing
because you wanna divorce me.
That's so...
-That's so fucking crazy!
-You wanna divorce me
more than you wanna
keep me alive!
Can't you hear
what you're saying?
How is my life
worth so little to you?
Because I have a life, too!
I have a fucking life!
You are threatening me.
-I'm not threatening you.
-You are...
It's not a threat.
It's a warning.
You're fucking threatening me,
-and it's fucking horrible.
-It's a fact.
It tears me apart!
But when you threaten me
into not divorcing you,
that is exactly why
we have to get divorced.
And I am going to divorce you,
okay? I am. I am.
Because I can't live like...
I can't live...
Ahh!
Ah, ah!
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah ♪
♪ Ah! ♪
Oh.
Fuck.
Hey.
Yeah, good.
Um, I'm just going
through the figures
you just sent over.
The revisions, yeah.
I just wanted to double-check
a couple of things.
Yeah, uh, but, sorry,
we can't offer them that deal
if the figures are correct.
Our margins disappear.
Margins.
Yeah. Uh-huh.
Okay. Call the suppliers
and check.
Bye.
- Hey!
- Hi.
I'm ready for that tour
your promised me.
Now?
Yeah, it's perfect timing.
-Who for?
-Come on, Harper!
Okay. Okay.
This place is pretty cool.
So, here's the garden.
Oh!
Conservatory.
Love it!
And...
the kitchen.
Red walls, that's bold.
-Very.
-Yeah, it works.
Shaker, ugh!
AGA!
I know.
And moving ever so gently
into the east wing.
You'll notice
the beautiful patina
on the flagstone floor
-Mm.
-Mm!
-Low oak beams.
-Of course.
And here we have a generously
proportioned living room.
Open wood fire.
-Comfortable sofas.
-Uh!
And a baby grand.
Wow!
-Do you play piano?
-I do, actually.
Love that wallpaper.
-Those windows!
-Ugh, sunlit aspect.
And look,
check out the view of the...
I'll call you back.
What...
999,
which service do you require?
Police.
Please explain the reason
for calling.
There's an intruder
in my garden. Um, a man.
He isn't wearing any clothes,
and I think
he might be stalking me.
Can you give me your address?
It's a village. Cotson.
Uh, C-O-T-S-O...
Herefordshire?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Does the house have
any distinguishing features?
Features? Um...
Uh, my, uh... My car.
My car's parked outside.
It's a blue Ford Fiesta.
Registration CK61 LZF.
Explain what's happening,
please.
Can you explain
what's happening, please?
A police car
has been dispatched.
Please stay on the line.
I am staying on the line.
Are you alone in the house?
-He's trying to get in.
-Police are on their way.
There's a car in your area.
It will be with you soon.
I'm scaring you?
Yeah, you are.
You're scaring me.
How do you not
understand that?
How do you make yourself
into the fucking victim?
-You scare me.
-James.
Look,
I don't want either of us
to be scared of the other.
Well, what... What, you're
saying I do want that?
No, I'm not saying that.
No, no. What does this say?
It says,
"He's really scaring me."
What've you said
to that bitch, Riley?
Nothing.
-Unlock it.
-No.
What are you trying
to hide from me?
It's my phone.
Okay, let's get him up.
Come on then, my friend.
So you don't know who he is?
Well, he wasn't carrying
any ID, that's for sure.
Looks like
he's been sleeping rough.
I saw him yesterday.
Well...
I know, I... I think...
I think he followed me
out of the woods.
Which woods?
Oh, God,
I don't know the area.
I was on a walk.
Erm, it was the forest
just over the fields.
Mm, Cotson Woods,
the old railway line.
Yeah, that's probably
where he was sleeping.
Look, it must've been
very frightening.
I do understand.
But honestly,
I think he's harmless.
He didn't resist at all.
Seemed a bit confused,
bit of a nut, you know.
Right, yeah.
He stinks to high heaven,
though.
That man is definitely
in need of a wash.
I'm not looking forward
to driving him to the station.
Well, I'm just glad
you were nearby.
Me, too.
Oh, no.
They came really quickly.
Which is bloody lucky
'cause I bet
their response time
can be really slow out here.
Will you
please let me come up?
No.
Harper, for fuck's sake.
Oh, for fuck's sake yourself.
I didn't come here
to be afraid, Riley.
What are you trying to prove?
This isn't about being weak.
Yeah, it isn't.
It was just some weirdo, okay?
And the police said
he wasn't dangerous,
and they've got him
now anyway, so...
End of story.
Look, it's a quiet,
pretty village
in beautiful countryside.
I'm gonna do a bit more work,
and then I'm gonna have
a wander around.
There's an old church nearby,
and, apparently,
the pub's nice, so...
-Okay.
What was that, James?
Your plan to win me back?
Harper...
Get out.
I'm... I'm sorry, please.
Get out! Get out!
-Harper, I...
-Get out!
Get out!
I'm sorry!
No! You want
to fucking apologize?
After threatening
to kill yourself?
Don't bother,
I don't give a fuck!
It'll make no difference,
because whatever you say,
whatever you do,
you will never,
ever see me again.
Now get the fuck out!
Hello.
Who are you?
Uh...
I'm Harper.
Wanna play a game?
Hide and seek?
You hide. I'll seek.
I... I... I don't think I can.
You can't hide?
Go on.
I bet you're good at it.
And I'm good at seeking.
I'm just not in the mood
to play a game right now.
Sorry.
Samuel. Go home.
Leave the lady alone.
No. I want to play a game
with her.
She's told you
perfectly clearly
she doesn't feel like it.
Perhaps she will later,
but not right now.
Why don't you fuck off?
You first.
Stupid bitch.
I do apologize.
Samuel is
a deeply troubled boy.
I live in London,
I'm used to kids
swearing at me.
Not so used to them swearing
at vicars, but...
Yes, but, um...
Just one thing. Do you mind?
No.
You're in pain, yes?
Sorry?
I noticed you just now,
in the church,
sitting in the pews.
And...
At first,
I thought you were praying,
but then I realized
you weren't praying.
You're tormented.
I didn't approach,
but of course, I should have.
So...
I am now.
Do you think I could help?
I don't know if I'm...
tormented, exactly, but...
But?
It feels more like...
Haunted?
Yeah.
Let's sit a while.
I'd had a row with my husband.
We were separating, and...
But this was...
This was by far the worst.
And something happened.
He hit me.
He'd never done that before.
I... I... I screamed at him,
I was so angry.
I made him leave,
threw him out,
locked the door.
Wouldn't let him back in.
Then, apparently,
what happened next
was he pushed his away
into the flat upstairs,
went to their balcony,
tried to climb down to ours,
but he...
he slipped. Or...
Or let himself go.
I honestly don't know.
As he fell past,
I was looking out.
And he was looking in.
And it felt like
we could see each other.
Well...
Well, I'm not even sure
if that's possible.
Could he see me?
As he fell?
It happened so quickly,
but I think he did.
And that's what haunts me.
I see.
If I may...
I think
you need to be understood.
And I do understand.
I can fully imagine
it must be dreadful for you.
And, inevitably,
you also feel
an awful sense of...
of guilt.
And that haunts you, too.
The seared snapshot image.
Why, yes, you carry it. You...
You see it when you close
your eyes, but...
Also, you ask
yourself repeatedly,
"What if?"
"If only."
Yeah, I do. Yeah.
It's the screaming.
I think he wasn't screaming.
No, yours.
You must wonder
why you drove him to it?
What?
I didn't drive him to it.
Well,
after he struck you,
did you give him a chance
to apologize?
What?
Did... Did you?
No. I... I...
Men do strike women sometimes.
It's not nice, but it's not
a capital offense.
What?
You prefer things
to be comfortable or true?
Might it be true
that if you'd given him
the chance to apologize,
he'd still be alive?
Fuck off.
Aren't these the questions
you asked?
Fuck off!
"P-O"...
"P-O" something, something.
"G," come on, Geoffrey,
fire up the engines.
Ah! Pomegranate. Very good.
Ah! Mrs... Ms...
Ms. Marlowe.
Come to paint
the village red, eh?
I just want a drink.
Yeah, I know the feeling well.
What'll it be, Miss?
Um, vodka tonic.
-On its way.
-Oh, hey, let me get it.
-No, no, no.
-Absolutely not. My shout.
-I've got it.
I've got it. Oh, please.
Franklin, her money's
no good here.
Right you are.
It seems that you don't
have legal tender.
Thank you.
Just, um, chalk it up.
Settled in okay? No gremlins?
I saw you at the church
a little while ago.
You found
the stained glass window?
You know, at dawn,
the sun shines
straight through it.
It's... It's miraculous.
You'd be bathed in light.
Been for a walk yet?
The old railway line.
You can stand there
and imagine the steam trains
-as they...
-Oi to the oi.
- ...pass through the woods.
- Hello, Jimmy.
Frank. Geoff.
-Pint?
-Of course.
Evening, ma'am.
I hope you're
feeling okay now.
-Not too rattled.
-Mm, fine. Thanks.
You heard about that business
at your rental?
My rental? What business?
Yeah.
Intruder on the property.
Or on the grounds, anyway.
Well, surely not.
Some bloke, not a stitch
of clothing on him.
Goodness me.
When the cat's away,
eh?
No.
Was a care
of the community type.
Starkers and bonkers, eh?
That's him. Sounds like
you know the guy, Geoff.
- Oh, stop it.
- Did you find out who he is?
Oh, some gyppo, I dare say.
Maybe.
I'm so sorry, Ms. Marlowe.
No, it's not your fault,
Geoffrey.
No, it must've been awful
for you.
It was.
But they have him now, so...
Had him.
Had to release the bugger
about an hour ago.
What?
You released him?
Yeah. Yeah, had to let him go.
Why?
Not much to charge him with,
Miss.
It's not like
he stole anything.
Just one
of your apples, Geoff.
Scrumping! Hang him!
Yeah, we gave him
a jacket and trousers
from lost property.
-Sent him packing.
-He was stalking me.
What makes you say that?
I saw him twice.
You saw him twice.
But I don't know
if he saw you once. It's...
It's not quite stalking,
is it?
He followed me
out of the woods,
then tried
to break into the house.
Well,
you see him again,
give us a shout.
You're leaving?
Fucking wankers.
Come on, please pick up.
Come on.
-Don't tell me there's more.
-There's more.
What the fuck?
I went for a walk.
I meet a boy in a churchyard
who tells me
I'm a stupid bitch.
Then I meet Vicar who tells me
that I drove James
to kill himself.
Then I meet a policeman
who tells me
that they just released
the naked weirdo
who tried to break
into the house yesterday.
And...
I'm... I'm done. I'm done.
I'm just gonna get in the car
and go home.
Fuck this.
-Yeah.
-No.
Fuck this. Fuck this shit.
That house was the one thing
that you wanted for yourself.
What you chose
as a place to heal.
And now you have to give it up
because of
some motherfucking nut!
How long did you say
the drive was?
Three hours away?
Four.
I'm gonna do it in three.
And you and me, we're gonna
have a good fucking time.
We are.
We're gonna go on walks,
and we're gonna eat
roast dinners.
And ice cream,
and I'm gonna watch you
get pissed in the evenings,
and if that fucking weirdo
comes back,
I'm gonna take that ax
and chop his dick off,
and he can
fucking choke on it.
What ax?
Behind you.
So, do we do it?
Just five minutes for me
to stick some shit in a bag,
and I'll rag it up
the motorway.
Okay.
So, what's the address?
Uh, hang on a second.
Okay.
Just a minute.
-Have you got a pen?
-Yes.
Okay, the village
is called Cotson.
And the postcode, uh...
The postcode is HL89 3XR.
The house is called
Cotson Manor.
Shit.
Come on.
-Oh, hi.
-Hi. Hi.
-Did you get any of that?
-No.
Okay, the village
is called Cotson.
C-O-T-S-O-N.
And the postcode is HL89...
Right.
What is it? What's happened?
What are you doing here?
Has he come back?
Why aren't you replying?
What the fuck?
Why are you...
Why are you doing this?
I have a weapon!
I said I have a weapon!
If you come in here,
I'm going to use it!
Ms. Marlowe, what on earth
are you talking about?
Geoff...
What the hell is going on?
I heard screaming,
and then a window break.
There... There was someone.
Someone tried to break in.
Was it that bloody man?
Has he come back?
No. Don't!
Oh, God!
Oh, you poor thing.
Oh, so sorry, old girl.
Oh, don't look Ms. Marlowe.
Sorry about that.
The broken wing, you see.
Nothing to be done.
But I quite understand
why it gave you a fright.
But there was someone outside.
He tried to get in,
tried to kick the door in.
-Who?
-The policeman.
-What?
-I saw the policeman.
And another man.
I'm not making this up.
Ms. Marlowe,
you don't strike me as a liar.
I believe you.
After all, it's already
happened once today, no?
And, uh...
Well, as your landlord,
it now falls on me
to have a...
a good look around.
Clear all of this up.
No, Geoffrey,
don't go outside.
No, nonsense.
Damsel in distress,
I'm just the fellow.
Geoffrey, don't!
"You have precisely
the qualities
"of a failed military man."
What?
Father told me that.
I was only seven years old.
Time we showed him
what's what, eh?
Geoffrey?
That's better.
All clear here.
Now, look here!
Whoever's out there,
I don't know what you think
you're playing at, but...
it's not gonna sit well
with me.
Not one bit.
Do you hear?
Seems to me
like they might've gone.
You really hurt me.
Look what you did.
Stay away from me.
What are you gonna do now?
Hurt me again?
Stab me again?
You're so mean.
You wouldn't even play a game
of hide and seek.
But I think you will now.
I will fucking cut you.
I'll do it.
I don't think you will.
But you probably should.
It'll be the last chance
you get.
Good, so you're hiding.
I'll count to ten.
One,
two...
three...
four...
You should be finding
somewhere to hide,
I know where you are.
...five,
six,
seven,
eight,
nine,
ten.
Ready or not, here I come.
"A shudder in the loins
"engenders there
"The broken wall,
"the burning roof and tower
"And Agamemnon
"dead."
What the fuck are you?
A swan.
When did you
lose your virginity?
What?
I'm asking you at what age
you lost your virginity.
I've been thinking about it.
I have pictured you.
Legs open.
Vagina open.
Mouth open.
I have decided that you are
an expert in carnality.
Someone who has explored
all the things
that they can do,
and have done to them.
These things now exist
in my mind.
This is your power.
This is the control
that you exert.
"I must be won,
that cannot win,
"Yet lost were I not won,
"For beauty hath been created
to undo...
"or be undone."
You are singing to me.
Not as Ulysses but as sailor.
To dash me to pieces
on the rocks of this...
These rocks.
This...
cave.
slit.
This...
What is this?
Yes.
Exactly.
It's the tip of the blade.
Geoffrey.
No, no, no.
No, no.
Ms. Marlowe?
Mrs. Marlowe!
Look at me, Harper.
So I died.
My arm was ripped through
by an iron railing.
My ankle snapped.
My internal organs, crushed.
This is what you did.
James...
What is it
that you want from me?
Your love.
Yeah.
♪ The words I have to say
♪ May well be simple,
but they're true
♪ Until you give your love
♪ There's nothing more
that we can do
♪ Love is the opening door
♪ Love is what we came here for
♪ No one could offer you more
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen?
♪ You say it's very hard
♪ To leave behind
the life we knew
♪ But there's no other way
♪ And now it's really up to you
♪ Love is the key we must turn
♪ Truth is the flame
we must burn
♪ Freedom the lesson
we must learn
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen?
♪ Love is the opening door
♪ Love is what we came here for
♪ No one could offer you more
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen?
♪ Have your eyes really seen? ♪